---
layout: page
title: About
---

Hello! We are the Tower of Hanoi (also known as Hanoiati), the Politecnico di
Milano CTF team.
We are a group of B.Sc, M.Sc, and Ph.D. students interested in information
security. We love to play CTF and sometimes to organize them too (check out the
[PoliCTF](http://polictf.it)!).
Our [CTFTime profile](https://ctftime.org/team/300) lists the competitions we
recently took part to.

We usually meet weekly in the [NECSTLab](http://necst.it), a research
laboratory of the Politecnico di Milano that deals mainly with computer
security and computer architectures.
During our meetings, we either review together the past CTF challenges or
discuss interesting information security topics.

## Cool, but... what is a CTF?

CTFs (Capture The Flag) are information security competitions, aimed at
teaching how to find, exploit and patch security vulnerabilities and, in turn,
how to avoid vulnerabilities when writing software.

Some CTFs are organized as *attack-defense* competitions: different teams
receive a virtual machine image with some vulnerable (network) services; each
team has to find the vulnerabilities, patch them in its own image to defend
themselves from the attacks of other teams, and exploit the vulnerabilities
attacking other teams to gain tokens (i.e., flags) needed to score game points.

In *jeopardy-style* ones (the majority of online CTFs!), instead, teams are
presented with a set of specific challenges in a range of categories, touching
aspects such as vulnerability exploitation, reverse engineering, cryptography
and others.

## Contacts

If you are interested, feel free to drop us a line! Our email address is
[toh@necst.it](mailto:toh@necst.it), or you can find us on Twitter
[@towerofhanoi](https://twitter.com/towerofhanoi).

If you are a student interested into a thesis or a project in the field of
information security (or you just want to learn more about the academic
research activities of our lab), check out the [NECST Laboratory
website](http://necst.it).

